docs: update details about `unstable_retry()` behavior (#91827)
vercel/next.js: docs/01-app/03-api-reference/04-functions/catchError.mdx

Compared to a custom React error boundary, `unstable_catchError` is designed to work with Next.js out of the box:

> - **Built-in error recovery** — [`unstable_retry()`](/docs/app/api-reference/file-conventions/error#unstable_retry) re-renders the page from the server.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Built-in error recovery** — [`unstable_retry()`](/docs/app/api-reference/file-conventions/error#unstable_retry) re-renders the page from the server in transition.
```

> - **Built-in error recovery** — [`unstable_retry()`](/docs/app/api-reference/file-conventions/error#unstable_retry) re-renders the page from the server in transition.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Built-in error recovery** — [`unstable_retry()`](/docs/app/api-reference/file-conventions/error#unstable_retry) re-renders the page inside a [Transition](https://react.dev/reference/react/startTransition), preserving Client Components state outside of the error boundary.
```

> - **Built-in error recovery** — [`unstable_retry()`](/docs/app/api-reference/file-conventions/error#unstable_retry) retries rendering the page with fresh data in Server Components from the root.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Built-in error recovery** — [`unstable_retry()`](/docs/app/api-reference/file-conventions/error#unstable_retry) re-renders the page from the server.
```

> - **Built-in error recovery** — [`unstable_retry()`](/docs/app/api-reference/file-conventions/error#unstable_retry) retries rendering the error boundary's children with fresh data in Server Components.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Built-in error recovery** — [`unstable_retry()`](/docs/app/api-reference/file-conventions/error#unstable_retry) retries rendering the page with fresh data in Server Components from the root.
```
